Update UCX shuffle doc w/ memlock limit config [skip ci] (#7632)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/additional-functionality/rapids-shuffle.md

example, if two containers are trying to communicate and each have an isolated GPU, the link between
these GPUs will not be optimal, forcing UCX to stage buffers to the host or use TCP.
Additionally, if you want to use RoCE/Infiniband, the `/dev/infiniband` device should be exposed
in the container. Also, to avoid potential `failed: Cannot allocate memory`,

> please specify `--ulimit memlock=-1` to make max locked memory as `unlimited` in container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please consider raising the `memlock` ulimit in the container via `--ulimit memlock=[maximum]`. Note that setting `--ulimit memlock=-1` disables the limit.
```
